## Toespraak van de Amerikaanse President 
 
Bij deze een toespraak van de Amerikaanse President aan de Staten-Generaal.

*''It is my greatest intention to visit your country on the 20th of September in the year 2019. As you know our last trip to your country had to be postponed due to emergency circumstances, now that those circumstances have passed I pushed my staff to make it possible to restart the trip.*

*The United States and The Netherlands have had a connection ever since the birth of our country. That connection is recognized as the oldest continuous in the world which dates back to our fight for independence. Your country bravely was the second nation in the world to recognize us, as an actual nation. You went as far to allow the United States to form its first embassy in The Hague. It was President Barack Obama who said, "Without the Netherlands, there wouldn't be the United States of America as everyone knows it now", and I'm inclined to agree.*

*Since the Revolutionary War, relations between our two great nations have only grown stronger. This is most evident in the recent crisis with the anti-American, Isolationist Government in Sweden. We stand united against the harmful actions of the Swedish Government against the security of Europe. I hope that during this trip to discuss the situation in person so we can better figure out the future.*

*Many other issues across the world need to be dealt with in a joint matter and I know that by working together we can solve them. Our two nations have very similar ideas on personal freedoms and human rights. Together we've stood against terrorism and have led peacekeeping missions across the globe. I hope that we can further increase this cooperation now that it is needed most.*

*I'm delighted to have the chance to meet you all in person and further our long-lasting relationship for the years to come.''*

---

##Dit debat duurt tot 23-09-2019